Individual Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement")
Version 1.0

1. Definitions.

   "We" (or "Us", or "Our") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
   authorized by the copyright owner of the Work Your Contribution
   is made to under this Agreement.

   "You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
   authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement
   with Us. For legal entities, the entity making a
   Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled
   by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to
   be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition,
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation
   source, and configuration files.

   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
   and conversions to other media types.

   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
   Object form, Your Contribution is applied to under this Agreement.

   "Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including
   any modifications or additions to the Work, that is intentionally
   submitted by You to Us for inclusion in, or documentation of the Work.
   For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of
   electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to Us or
   Our representatives, including but not limited to communication
   on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by Us, or on Our behalf,
   for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work,
   but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked
   or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form,
   that is based on (or derived from) another work of authorship
   ("Original Work") and for which the editorial revisions, annotations,
   elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole,
   an original work of authorship.
   For the purposes of this Agreement, Derivative Works shall not include works
   that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to
   the interfaces of, the Original Work and Derivative Works thereof.

   "Combined Work" shall mean the Derivative Work of the Work
   resulting from applying Your Contribution to the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this Agreement, You hereby grant to Us and to recipients of any one of
   Your Contribution, the Work, the Combined Work, and Derivative Works thereof
   a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
   irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute
   Your Contribution alone, the Combined Work, and Derivative Works thereof.
   
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this Agreement, You hereby grant to Us and to recipients of any one of
   Your Contribution, the Work, the Combined Work, and Derivative Works thereof
   a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use,
   offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer Your Contribution alone,
   the Work, the Combined Work, and Derivative Works thereof where such license
   applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily
   infringed by Your Contribution alone, by the Work, or by the Combined Work.
   If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity
   (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
   that your Contribution alone, the Work, or the Combined Work
   constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any
   patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for
   that Contribution, Work, Combined Work or Derivative Works thereof
   shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Representations. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant
   the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property
   that you create that includes Your Contribution, you represent
   that you have received permission to make Your Contribution on behalf
   of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for
   your Contribution to Us, or that your employer has executed
   a separate Corporate CLA with Us.

5. Originality. You represent that each of Your Contribution is Your original
   creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You
   represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete
   details of any third-party license or other restriction (including,
   but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are
   personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contribution.

6. Support and Warranties. You are not expected to provide support for
   Your Contribution, the Combined Work, or Derivative Works thereof
   except to the extent You desire to provide support.
   You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all.
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   You provide Your Contribution on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied,
   including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
   NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Third-party submission. Should You wish to submit work that is not
   Your original creation, You may submit it to Us separately from
   any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and
   of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
   related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which
   you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as
   "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. Notification. You agree to notify Us of any facts or circumstances of which
   you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate
   in any respect.

9. Open Source. You acknowledge that Your Contribution and the Combined Work
   are made publicly available, redistributed and licensed by Us
   under a license approved by the [Open Source Initiative](www.opensource.org),
   as determined by a copyright notice that is included in,
   or attached to the Work and to the Combined Work (the "License").
   In particular, you acknowledge that a record of Your Contribution,
   including all personal information You submit with it,
   including Your electronic signature, is publicly maintained indefinitely
   and may be redistributed under the License.
